Sidebar
=======
In this part, we'll introduce you some Striking's custom widgets. And you will learn to how to create a new sidebar, also how to use it in the posts or pages you'd like.

Striking's Custom Widgets
-------------------------

Striking comes with 14 custom widgts, you can find them in **Appearance -> Widgets** in your backend. They are :

*   **Advertisement 125** - Displays a list of advertisement.
*   **Authors** - Displays a list of author.
*   **Contact Form** - Displays a email contact form.
*   **Contact Info** - Displays a list of contact info.
*   **Flickr** - Displays photos from a Flickr ID.
*   **Gmap** - Displays a google map.
*   **Popular Posts** - Displays the popular posts on your site.
*   **Porfolio List** - Displays the porfolios on your site.
*   **Recent Posts** - Displays the recent posts on your site.
*   **Related Posts** - Displays the related posts on your site.
*   **Search** - A search form for your site.
*   **Social Icon** - Displays a list of social icons.
*   **Sub Navigation** - Displays a list of SubPages.
*   **Twitter** - Displays a list of twitter feeds.

To use them, simply drag one of Striking's custom widgets to a sidebar and enter the appropriate settings if needed.

Create a custom Sidebar
-----------------------

In Striking you can create a custom sidebar for your own. Just follow the steps bellow:

 1. Go to **Striking -> Sidebar** in your backend.
 2. Enter the name in the field of **Generate Sidebar**.
 3. Click **Save changes** button to create it.
 4. Go to **Appearance -> Widgets** in your backend.
 5. Choose and drag whatever widgets to your custom sidebar.



> You can also delete any custom sidebar you have created in this
> module. Follow the steps bellow:
> 
> 1.  Go to **Striking -> Sidebar** in your backend.
> 2.  Click **delete** button beside the name of a custom sidebar which you want to delete.
> 3.  Click **Save changes** button.


### Using The Custom Sidebar

If you have createn a custom sidebar and want to use it for your posts or pages, follow the step bellow:

1.  Go to **Posts -> All Posts** or **Pages -> All Pages** in your backend.
2.  Click the title to open the editing page of post or page which you want to change.
3.  Locate the **Striking Page General Options** module in **Edit Page**.
4.  Choose a custom sidebar in the **Custom Sidebar** dropdown.
5.  Click the **Update** button in **Publish** module.