Color Your Site
===============
In Striking Responsive, you can easily edit the color of each element of your website. The Striking Color panel has 10 resource tabs containing over 110 color settings (at last count) for control of theme wide colors for different theme elements.  The resource tabs are organized along the lines of the webpage sections, and for certain major functions such as slideshows, blogs, portfolios, and tabs & accordions.  Most resource tabs have a "Help Information" link which you can click on to open/close a dropdown field containing detailed information on the functions of the resource tab, and settings possess a help field where explanation of the setting is warranted.

Unlike most themes, Striking does not trap the user into a set group of color palettes (usually advertized as "Skins"), which is both very constraining, and is usually accompanied by limited color options for the rest of site elements.  Our experience based on user feedback is that colors settings are normally very easy to work with for the average user -> the theme has a predefined launch color palette but one will find that one can quickly change colors on the fly as desired in order to vary the website to your needs.  In fact, as colors are a readily graspable concept, even custom css for colors is straightforward for most beginners, and often a good place to commence some special creativity and learning some basic css.

 1. Go to <span class="page">Striking Responsive-> Color*** panel.
 2. Simply change the colors by color picker or input the value in each color item. Striking Responsive has a brand new expert caliber color picker which provides both RGB and hexadecimal settings, opacity slider, one click for black, white and transparency and more for fine motor control of element color.

    > The 10 color resource tabs are :
    >  - **Body Elements**
    >  - **Header Elements**
    >  - **Feature Header Elements**
    >  - **Slideshow Elements**
    >  - **Page Elements & Tags**
    >  - **Blog Specific Elements**
    >  - **Portfolio Specific Elements**
    >  - **Scroll to Top Button**
    >  - **Tab & Accordion Color Options**
    >  - **Footer Elements**

 3. Click the <span class="option">Save Changes*** button at the top or bottom of the panel after you finish editing a resource tab.

Besides the Color Panel, some metaboxes, and most shortcodes contain color settings for specific items.  For example, the button shortcode has background, letter, and hover color settings as well as a preset selection. Every Striking Responsive Page General Options Metabox contains a group of settings to customize for that page or post the all the body element level colors. The vast array of color options in Striking allows for complete site individuality.

It is recognized that some users have difficulities deciding on a color scheme for a site. The [Color Combinations Tables](http://www.webdevelopersnotes.com/design/color_combinations.php3) at Web Developer Notes website can be of great assistance in choosing some potential color schemes when inspiration and guidance is needed.