USING CUSTOM CSS / JAVASCRIPT CODE
==================================
Introduction
------------
There is a limit to what the theme options and settings can reasonably undertake for site and page customization.  When trying to customize colors, text, margins, padding's and control for each element in a website and apply those on a page basis or singular basis sometimes custom css is needed. 

Most themes require that any such customization be either hardcoded into a page template, or placed into a Child Theme.  Both these approaches are very difficult for the average Wordpress user and are very cumbersome from a workflow perspective.  It really makes more sense to just have assets available within the theme framework so that customization is an easy process instead of a cumbersome process.

Striking employs a 3 layered approach for settings: at the panel level, with some overrides at the metabox level, and yet more alternatives at the shortcode level.   But as all users who have had the past opportunity to build sites are aware, even this extremely deep level of flexibility is in some cases not  enough. 

On some occasions the best way to affect a single element in one or multiple situations is do this is by writing out custom CSS or adding extra JavaScript's.  Striking accommodates this “4th” layer of customizability by adding special Custom CSS and Custom Js fields into the theme settings  so that no hardcoding or child is necessary.  Custom coding can be placed in fields especially created for this purpose and added into the theme settings.

The Striking theme has always enjoyed a reputation for maximizing customizability, and having the experience of thousands of customers and learning what was important to them Striking Responsive has 3 custom css solutions and 2 custom js solutions:

 - A site custom CSS & JavaScript fields found in the General Panel.  All custom CSS or JavaScript code added in these fields is applied site wide.
 - A page (and post!) only custom CSS & JavaScript fields which are found in the Page General Options Metabox. All custom css or JavaScript code added in these fields is applied only to that page, and will override any broader code for that element even if in the site fields above.
 - A custom CSS field for writing font specific css conveniently placed within the admin tabs for each font technology.  Of course such css can also be written into the site css field but the additional field within the font admin panels saves on hopping back and forth between panels.

Script Pointers: CSS and JS Scripts
-----------------------------------
For custom CSS, it needs to be written like this.

    #header { background-color: #FFFFFF;  width: 960px; height: 300px;}
    h1,h2,.widgettitle { font-family:DeliciousRoman,Helvetica,Arial,sans-serif; color:#123456; } 

We suggest that if you are thinking about custom css that you first review the screen.css file found in the CSS folder of the theme, to understand the css employed.

For adding JavaScript should be added in the following format:

    <script type="text/javascript">
    Your JAVASCRIPT 
    </script>
 
Take care when writing out CSS or JavaScript code that the correct syntax is used and that the correct element (selector) is addressed otherwise there may be very unpredictable results including a page breaking, and with js, even the site refusing to load.   Furthermore, as this is a responsive theme all positional CSS requires custom code for each viewport (also known as viewpoints or breakpoints) for mobile devices for landscape and portrait mode.  So some elements might require separate css for each viewport and a lot of testing (and handwringing) in order to achieve the desired customization across all mobile and desktop views.

Generally, it will require an advanced level of skills to make custom adjustments work on every screen or device the correct way.

If deciding to crack away at custom code here are some resources that will assist with growing the knowledgebase  of css coding,  and a time budget of many hours will also help!!

> firebug links:
> [HTML Development][1]
> [CSS Development][2]
> [CSS Layout][3]
>
> Also a great tutorial to start learning CSS
> [W3schools CSS tutorial][4] 


### Paid support ###
The Striking Support Forum is a great resource for thousands of threads contributed by both the support staff and users on customizing.  We like to say there is a million dollars of free advice on the thread, and a Google search of the forum may yield very helpful results for many topics (the forum contains info on searching correctly).

The Striking Responsive Support Team also undertakes custom css on a paid basis.  All js and php queries are always on a paid basis only.  


  [1]: http://getfirebug.com/html
  [2]: http://getfirebug.com/css
  [3]: http://getfirebug.com/layout
  [4]: http://www.w3schools.com/css/default.asp