Creating a Blog Page
===================

You must set a static page as the blog home page.

1.  Go to **Pages -> Add New** in your backend to create a new page.
2.  Give a title, for example 'blog', then save it.
3.  Go to **Settings -> Blog**.
4.  Locate the **Blog General** module.
5.  Set **Blog Page** option to the page you just created.
6.  Click the **Save changes** button.

After you set, the blog list will instead the page content to be display in this page and the **Blog Sidebar** will instead the **Page Sidebar** to be display.

Blog Page Setting
-----------------

You can customize your Blog List Page & Single Blog Page in **Striking -> Blog** options page:

### Blog General

Maybe you will feel them have been met before in the **Striking Page General Options** meta box. So, the same as the static page, you can also show the slideshow in blog list page, set page layout ... and so on. These change have nothing to do with the **Striking Page General Options** meta box.

There are some other options for blog list page, including:

*   **Blog Page**
*   **Column Layout**
*   **Featured Image Type**
*   **Featured Image for Lightbox**
*   **Display Full Blog Posts**
*   **Exclude Categories/span>
*   **Gap Between Posts**

### Single Blog

You can change some sets for the single blog:

1.  **Layout**
2.  **Featured Image**: If this option is on, Featured Image will appear in Single Blog page.
3.  **Featured Image Type**
4.  **Featured Image for Lightbox**: If this option is on, the full image will open in the lightbox when click on Featured Image of Blog Single Post page.
5.  **Show in Header Area**: if this option is on, blog title and blog meta info will show in header introduce text area.
6.  **About Author Box**
7.  **Related & Popular Post Module**
8.  **Previous & Next Navigation**

### Meta Informations

This module contain five button, determining whether to show **Category**, **Tags**, **Author**, **Date**, **Comment**.

### Read More

This module you can decide whether to display "Read More" as button. And if it is on, you can also decide the text it displays.